Update feature-gates doc re. 'Deprecated' (#7583)
kubernetes/community: contributors/devel/sig-architecture/feature-gates.md

```
	CSIMigration:                                   {Default: true, PreRelease: featuregate.Beta},
	CSIMigrationGCE:                                {Default: false, PreRelease: featuregate.Beta}, // Off by default (requires GCE PD CSI Driver)
	CSIMigrationAWS:                                {Default: false, PreRelease: featuregate.Beta}, // Off by default (requires AWS EBS CSI driver)
	CSIMigrationAzureDisk:                          {Default: false, PreRelease: featuregate.Beta}, // Off by default (requires Azure Disk CSI driver)
	CSIMigrationAzureFile:                          {Default: false, PreRelease: featuregate.Beta}, // Off by default (requires Azure File CSI driver)
	CSIMigrationvSphere:                            {Default: false, PreRelease: featuregate.Beta}, // Off by default (requires vSphere CSI driver)
```

## GA Features

* `PreRelease` is set to `featuregate.GA`
* `Default` is always set to `true`
* `LockToDefault` is set to `true`

> GA features are always on, and usually cannot be disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GA features always default on, and usually cannot be disabled.
```

Author: ACK

> Sometimes (rarely) we do not set `LockToDefault` and let it default to `false`. This enables folks to switch off the GA feature. We do this to tell folks that while the feature (for example `coredns`) is GA, they need to move off `kubedns` to `coredns` in their infrastructure. If they want to continue using `kubedns` for a short time, they can choose to switch off the GA flag. When we eventually remove the support for `kubedns` entirely we would set `LockToDefault` to `true` with some grace period for the transition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes (rarely) we do not set `LockToDefault` and let it be disabled. This enables folks to switch off the GA feature. We do this to tell folks that while the feature (for example `coredns`) is GA, they need to move off `kubedns` to `coredns` in their infrastructure. If they want to continue using `kubedns` for a short time, they can choose to switch off the GA flag. When we eventually remove the support for `kubedns` entirely we would set `LockToDefault` to `true` with some grace period for the transition.
```

Author: This is explaining the Go zero value.  The next sentence says that it can be disabled.

How about:  "Sometimes (rarely) we do not set `LockToDefault` (defaulting to `false`, meaning "not locked").  This enables folks to switch off..."

Reviewer: sgtm
